# Harmony : Harmony K8s GTM

![](images/192097316/204472321.png?height=400)

#### Key milestones/conference dates

*   Engineering Release Timelines & Priorities: [KaaS Planning Agenda](KaaS-Planning-Agenda_191998931.html)
*   10/30 Partner summit
*   10/23 build for CloudCenter consumption
*   12/6-12-8 KubeCon (Austin)

#### OPEN ISSUES

P1: Due within the next 2 weeks

P2: Due within the next 3-4 weeks

P3: Resolution needed with the next 5-8 weeks (~Dec)

P4 Due early 2018



| blank | HX Input? | Priority | Start | Due | Area | Open Items | Owner | Timeline | Status (Pending, In-Progress, Blocked) | Status/Comments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 1 | 1 | | | | Technical Marketing | Event / conference Demos |  – demo event [Nikitha Omkar] & Gary – event orchestration. | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) will connect with Gary and Aparna to determine what the planned presence is and determine if it meets the needs. Need to sort out messaging for KubeCon. Need a blog post before the event to talk about our presence at the event. Each event should have a plan. <li>10/18: In progress. Eng drop will happen today. Gary K is driving the KubeCon activities for Harmony K8s. No Harmony K8s at CiscoLive, but need to start applying for speaker sessions for next year (Barcelona) – Nikitha will request abstract info (Sharma is coordinating CiscoLive sessions). <li>10/10: Partner Summit is 10/30\. Eng drop 10/16\. Final build 10/23 (will be consumed by CloudCenter). |
| 2 | 1 | | 10/23 | 10/27 | Technical Marketing | Demo lab setup | [johnkday](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~johnkday) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25 Demo env is waiting for a drop from eng today. <li>10/18: Lab will be based on the 10/23 drop. Lab will be the HX loaner lab. Need to provide the HX team our lab reqs. Harmony k8s reqs are available ([KaaS Hardware and Storage Config Options](KaaS-Hardware-and-Storage-Config-Options_192167930.html)). David is pulling together the Contiv reqs. <li>10/10: John is working with Lapsley. Working with Naren on the TME lab requirements.|
| 3 |  Drop for HX for storage driver integration. | | | | | | | | | 10/25: No UI status update, but a drop is being orchestrated & tracked via the eng discussions. |
| 4 | Y | 1 | 11/3 | | Product Marketing | Messaging document (internal) | [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: [Rohit Agarwalla](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~roagarwa) [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) Please review the doc below & provide feedback.<li>10/18: Nikitha will iterate with the team and provide a link. Messaging document preview link [https://cisco.box.com/s/2ute6gr5hhk76v9t4ykioifuwe4cikks](https://cisco.box.com/s/2ute6gr5hhk76v9t4ykioifuwe4cikks) <li>10/10: Pending marketing content. |
| 5 | 1 | 9/18 | 10/24 | Product Marketing | EBC deck (Harmony K8s + a summary of the overall product/vision) | [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) | | Oct' 17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: Deck is updated. [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) will set up a working session to finalize. [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) any feedback? <li>10/18: Ensure we use the link below as the single EBC deck.  [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) has merged some of Eliza's content. Eliza will review the deck with [Kiran Kamity](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~kkamity). Source of record: [https://cisco.box.com/s/x76o9pobm1ihdnbma46mgtimkyfdoza5](https://cisco.box.com/s/x76o9pobm1ihdnbma46mgtimkyfdoza5) <li>10/10: Pradnesh & Suhail will pull together. Use Eliza's content then add the Harmony K8s content. Include the combined roadmap. |
| 6 | 1 | | | Product Marketing | Product name | [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) | | Jan'18 | In-progress | <li>10/25: Targeting early Nov to nail the final name. <li>10/18: Nikitha is working with the brand team to formally implement the name. 60 day process. Name is needed ASAP since we are driving the early access partner discussions forward. <li>10/10: Cisco Container Platform is the official name. Nikitha will drive the implementation. |
| 7 | 1 | | |Product Marketing | External Marketing collateral - blogs, videos, ebooks. | [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar)  | Ongoing | | In-progress | <li>10/25: Ali will handle asset creation and PR strategy. Event registration and external communication opportunities being nailed down. CiscoLive Barcelona: 2 of the 3 sessions will include CCP. [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) will work with [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat). There are other small events to consider. Kiran suggests additional events that are enterprise centric. [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) will provide the events schedule. Marketing plan deck in progress. Will be shared by next week. Blogs, ebooks, etc., will be included in the deck. [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) will share early drafts with the team next week before the final is presented.<li>10/18: Nikitha will include this in the end to end plan. Will have demos in Dec that will need blog coverage. Ali will create the external marketing content collateral. Content is being iterated on the Jive page. Nikitha will provide link. Update smartsheet with owners for every asset: [https://app.smartsheet.com/b/home?mt=16&lx=fVdN2vxng34XxGqJjr1bQrRFvLmziw4vxMu1DzaQcS4](https://app.smartsheet.com/b/home?mt=16&lx=fVdN2vxng34XxGqJjr1bQrRFvLmziw4vxMu1DzaQcS4) <li>10/10: Pending marketing content. |
| 8 | 1 | Product Marketing | Internal Marketing collateral - Jive page | [elape@cisco.com](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~elape) | Oct' 17 | | | | In-progress | <li>10/25: [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) Please sync with Eliza on the Jive page content.<li>10/18 Blake, Eliza & Pradnesh will curate content. Completion off this page is 11/10\. <li>10/15 SEVT takes place & will use this page.<li>10/10: Eliza/Niki: Reset the Jive pages (replace Harmony with the new Harmony K8s page). Ref: [https://cisco.jiveon.com/groups/cpsg-harmony](https://cisco.jiveon.com/groups/cpsg-harmony) Blake & Eliza own this page. |
| 9 | 1 | Competitive Marketing | Competitor comparison: OpenShift & CoreOS (other products will be evaluated in the future. | TBD - [Rohit Agarwalla](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~roagarwa) will find an owner | Oct'17 | | | | In-progress | <li>10/25: Jeremy & Pradnesh are fine with the doc. Next step: Slide for EBC: [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) & [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) will create.<li>10/18: Doc is ready for review from Jeremy, Rohit & Pradnesh: [https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LAc9tRaWrUffFJiwybDJuBJlO2v5yneQ07-cxk9uUOQ/edit](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1LAc9tRaWrUffFJiwybDJuBJlO2v5yneQ07-cxk9uUOQ/edit)<li>10/10: Starmer is evaluating OpenShift & CoreOS. |
| 10 | Y | 1 | Business Dev / Ops | Part of EAP: Define/Approve customer qualification criteria. Ensure the criteria is approved by Eng & Prod. | [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) | Oct'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: HX customers that should be targeted? With the public announcement, EAP will be pegged with interest. [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) need to:<li>1) nail down the criteria and understand the K8s and<li>2) HX engineering team support capacity for support the EAP program<li>3) utilize field teams (Vijay can provide the model used previously) to front end the EAP discussions (ensure EAP candidates are scrutinized, envs are in place, EAP commitment is in place to provide timely feedback. [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) See HX EAP plan that [Aniket Patankar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~apatanka) has created. |
| 11 | Y | 1 | Product / Engineering | licensing / support with Canonical (Ubuntu OS) | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Oct'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: Still iterating with Canonical. [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) Please answer questions in the google doc below. Mtg set with K8s eng 10/27 to address questions.<li>10/18: Received some pricing. Ongoing discussion. Counter offer pending. Prod pricing may need to change. Next steps: Reduction/restructuring discussions with Canonical. NRE discussion 10/19\. Need to nail this down ASAP. [Dan Hersey](Harmony-K8s-GTM_192097316.html) to update [document](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1US4QgMrEZG3CUSQjrgWDMUsLyQFFHc_KQB6cjtVfqTQ/edit) <li>10/10: [Jeremy Hopkins](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~jeremy.hopkins) Need to resolve Canonical support plan this week (part numbers, agreement, etc.). |
| 12 | Y | 1 | Product / Engineering | CCP Smart licensing (SL) | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: Per HX node (not VM). SL is built into the HX controller. Harmony API calls into the HX cluster manager can help count the physical nodes. [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) Will ensure a backlog issue. [Linda Skrocki](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~lskrocki) will point eng to the SL training. 10/26 Confirmed the SL team has our engagement request Jack is on point to set up the eng interlock (he has the names of critical attendees). Confirmed getting SL set up for GA in Mar is doable. |
| 13 | Y | 1 | Product / Engineering | CCP Pricing | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Nov'17 | Pending | 10/25: Pending support discussions. |
| 14 | Y | 1 | Product / Engineering | Product/Engineering demos | [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) | Ongoing | In-progress | <li>10/25: Will recalibrate various forums next week.<li>10/18: Need to sort out which demo series is being uses for Harmony K8s. [Linda Skrocki:](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~lskrocki) [Blake Smith](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~blaksmit) [David Lapsley](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~david.lapsley) OK to use the PCE demo forum going forward to hit the wider audience? Prod Mgt team to attend |
| 15 | Y | 2 | Business Dev / Ops | SEVT (Sales Eng Virtual Team) | [elape@cisco.com](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~elape) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: Kiran and [elape@cisco.com](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~elape) are discussions. Had one dry run demo & have received feedback. Eliza is working thru content. 2nd dry run scheduled next week. Received input regarding when the VM dependency will drop. When will bare metal be support? Per Vijay: We have crated a containerized HX controller running in the VM a while a go. Will support **bare metal version** of HX in the future, HOWEVER there is a question about enterprise grade (weak security between namespaces for prod needs to mature, data services backup recovery is required (no standard snap shotting with k8s yet)). **KVM** solution path with K8s? Need to determine if baremetal or KVM is most important – [Kiran Kamity](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~kkamity) will orchestrate the conversations.<li>10/10: Kiran connected with Eliza on the content for the SEVT deck. May be able to reuse some of the EBC deck. Draft due on Oct 12 – Kiran will follow up with Sergio (DC/Sales coordinator & Eliza). [Kiran Kamity](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~kkamity) any updates? |
| 16 | Y | 2 | Product / Engineering | AS offers  | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Feb'18 | In-progress | <li>10/18: Initial TAC discussions underway. Need to sort out how we want to approach this topic. What AS services would we like to see – [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) & [Jeremy Hopkins](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~jeremy.hopkins) will draft a definition? Once we know that, we can have a discussion with AS.<li>10/10: [Jeremy Hopkins](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~jeremy.hopkins) status? |
| 17 | Y | 2 | 10/10 | 11/30 | Product / Engineering | Support | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/25: TAC model being iterated. HX may not provide K8s support at all and may not be on point for standing up support services. Outcome may impact rev rec. K8s should be backline support (not frontline). Proposal: Ensure TAC is able to support/RCA K8s issues (training required) & escalate to the K8s team only if necessary. Flows:<li>*   TAC (L1/L2 CCP RCA) → BU Eng (HX or K8s)<li>*   Solution Support front end (TS → Solution Support → BU). This is very expensive.<li>*   Harmony front end → non Harmony BUs<li>Next Step: [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) Enumerate the detailed model(s) (including common scenarios) and ensure the eng teams are on board, then review/finalize with TAC. Harmony mtg set for 10/27: Pradnesh, Rafi, Rohit, Kiran<li>10/18: Will be bundled with HX support agreements. Not much for us to do here right now, but will need to provide TAC training when ready. Once we have the TDM, we need to create a training deck (Jan/Feb). Include John D in the creation of the content.<li>10/10: Per Dan, discussing with support and HX team today. Vijay TS PMs should communicate with the HX TS PM. |
| 18 | Y | 2 | Product / Engineering | Technical Install / Admin and User Guides (see docs.metacloud.com for examples) | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Nov'17 | In-progress | 10/10: Per Kiran a CV will start the first part of Nov. Dan will oversee the effort. |
| 19 | Y | 2 | Product / Engineering | Product pricing - SKU  | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Nov'17 | In-progress | <li>10/18: Solid idea of SKUing with HX. Model iteration in progress this week based on pricing assumptions from Canonical.<li>10/10: Dan has a call set up with the HX team to discuss pricing. Add this to the agenda for the prod mgt team for tracking. |
| 20 | Y | 2 | Product / Engineering | Promotions / discount structures | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Oct'17 | In-progress | <li>10/18: Part of the above.<li>10/10: Pending conversation with HX team. |
| 21 | Y | 2 | Product Marketing | BDM deck (including a positioning section) | [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) | Jan'18 | In-progress | <li>10/18: Nikitha met with Kiran and the HX team. WIP doc in place. Nikitha will iterate with the team – will provide a link. Add Ali Amagazu to this mtg & Slack. Nikitha/Eliza to Slack. [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) will post the storybook that was created for Fiducia in box – this may be a good reference for the BDM. Prod Mgt box folder: [https://cisco.app.box.com/folder/32199546357](https://cisco.app.box.com/folder/32199546357)<li>10/10: Robert has a storybook that was created for Fiducia that we can re-use as a template – see Suhail for the file. Waiting for marketing plan. Add Nikitha and Eliza Lape to the weekly prod mtg (Barbara is optional) - DONE. |
| 22 | 2 | Product Marketing | Marketing - channels (meetups, forums etc.) | [Nikitha Omkar](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~nomkar) | Ongoing | In-progress | <li>10/18: We need to start setting these up in preparation for the demos and customer discussions that start in Nov/Dec (Nov 17 is the first briefing). Nikitha met with Pradnesh/Suhail regarding Cisco Customer Connect channel – this is not public, but limited to a set of customers who are under NDA. Is this the right audience for us? Need to enumerate the list of forums, meetups, etc. so we can produce appropriate collateral – Nikitha will produce the calendar. Barbara is engaged. Need to ID a person who can answer prod questions.<li>10/10: Pending marketing content. |
| 23 | Y | 3 | Business Dev / Ops | Sales pipelines / enablement | [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) | Dec'17 | In-progress | 10/18: [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) will set up pipedrive. |
| 24 | 3 | Technical Marketing | TDM deck | [johnkday](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~johnkday) / [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) | Jan'18 | Pending | <li>10/18: No update.<li>10/10: Not yet started, but start soon. Dependency: demo env for partner summit. Focusing on Rancher (container orchestration tool) is the priority. Starmer is working on a competitive write up on OpenShift & CoreOS. |
| 25 | 3 | 10/9 | 12/21 | Product / Engineering | NPI (new product introduction) Requirements (Compliance, COSI, Legal, etc) | [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) | Dec'17 | In-progress | <li>10/18: In progress. Weekly calls with the "New Prod Team". [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) will loop in Linda. [Dan Hersey](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~dahersey) What is the output deliverable?<li>10/10: Linda/Dan: See Andrea P for legal compliance reqs (just EULA or something else?). |
| 26 | Y | 3 | Business Dev / Ops | PoC engagement list / Early Access Program. | [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) | Dec'17 | In-progress | <li>10/18: [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) will post in box (limited access)<li>10/10: Combine with EAP (early access program). Suhail has a proposed EAP list – connect with Barbara. Will utilized the combined HX/Harmony KaaS combined roadmap. |
| 27 | 4 | Technical Marketing | hands-on-labs (customer sandbox) | [johnkday](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~johnkday) | Feb'18 | Pending |
| 28 | 4 | Technical Marketing | Technical case studies | [johnkday](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~johnkday) | Mar'18 | Pending |
| 29 | 4 | Technical Marketing | Solution Briefs | [johnkday](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~johnkday) / [Pradnesh Patil](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~pradnpat) | Feb'18 | Pending |
| 30 | 4 | Competitive Marketing | Competitor product labs | TBD - [Rohit Agarwalla](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~roagarwa) will find an owner | Jan'18 | Pending | <li>10/18: Pending.<li>10/10: Starmer is evaluating OpenShift & CoreOS. |
| 31 | 4 | Competitive Marketing | Competition battle cards / positioning material | TBD - [Rohit Agarwalla](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~roagarwa) will find an owner | Feb'18 | Pending | <li>10/10: Pending detailed competitive evaluation material. |
| 32 | Y | 4 | Business Dev / Ops | Partner reselling | [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) | Jan'18 | Pending |
| 33 | Y | 4 | Business Dev / Ops | Sales training - bootcamps, webinars | [Suhail Syed](https://metacloud.jira.com/wiki/display/~suhsyed) | Mar'18 and beyond | Pending |


### CLOSED

| Area | Open Items | Owner | Timeline | Status/Comments |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Business Dev / Ops | Instantiate Weekly HX/Harmony KaaS Prod Mgt forum | Rohit/Linda | Oct'17 | 10/10: Linda/Rohit will schedule/set the agenda (inc. pricing tracking). **DONE**. |
| Product / Engineering | Hardware / software BOM | Jeremy H | Sep'17 | 10/10: **Complete**. |